[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1995 animated comedy adventure
Toy Story so let's get started the movie
begins with six-year-old Andy's birthday
woody Andy's favorite toy along with the
other toys spy on the party and are
relieved that none of the gifts will
replace any of them but then Andy
receives a surprise gift a space ranger
toy named Buzz Lightyear Buzz impresses
the other toys and Andy begins to favor
him as Andy prepares for a family outing
at Pizza Planet his mother allows him to
bring one toy along fearing that Andy
will choose Buzz what he attempts to
trap Buzz behind a desk but ends up
knocking him out the window instead
resulting in the other toys accusing
woody of murdering buzz out of jealousy
before they can punish him and he takes
wood ium leaves her pizza planet when
the family stops for gas but he finds
that Buzz is hitched a ride on a car as
well they end up fighting and the car
leaves without them they managed to make
their way back to the restaurant by
stowing away on a pizza delivery truck
once they arrive buzz gets them stuck in
a crane game where they are picked out
by Andy's destructive neighbor Sid woody
attempts to escape from SIDS house but
buzz finally discovering that he is a
toy is helpless learning that Sid plans
to launch buzz aboard a firework woody
restores Buzz's confidence by teaching
him that being a toy is okay the next
morning woody in SIDS mutant toy
creations rescue buzz just as Sid is
about to launch the rocket they scare
Sid and two no longer abusing toys and
coming to life in front of them Woody
and Buzz then leave just as Andy and his
family are driving away to move to a new
home they try to make it to the moving
truck but SIDS dog sees them and chases
them woody trys rescuing buzz with
Andy's RC car but the other toys
thinking woody has killed RC as well
attack and toss him off the truck buzz
and RC pick up woody and continue after
the truck the other toys realize there
stake and try to help them get back on
board but our C's batteries begin to die
when he ignites the rocket on Buzz's
back and managed to throw our C into the
truck before they soar into the air
buzz opens his wings to free himself
from the rocket before it explodes
gliding with woody to land safely in a
box in the van right next to Andy on
Christmas Day at their new house wood in
buzz stage another mission to prepare
for the new toy arrived as woody
jokingly asked what might be worse than
Buzz they discover Andy's new gift a
puppy so that was the spoilers for Toy
Story if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below remember to Like
and subscribe and thanks for watching
[Music]